I'll be traveling through the road
Come you master the wall
You were the man to be gone
You were built with death planes
You were that built on a mountain
You would hide behind walls
You would hide behind death
I just want you to know I can see you through your mans
I want you to know I can see you through your mans
You had never done nothing
But now to destroy
You bled him in my world
Like he's your inner toy
You were gone in my head
And you hide from my heart
And you tell him from my past
You're the man to be gone
Like dreams of old you lie and they see
Whoa, walk everyone you want me to believe
But I see you through your eyes
And I see you through your brain
Like I see you through the water
And the rock near my train
You're the passing road train
Is for the others to fire
And you sit back and watch while my death
Count you tired
You hide in your mansion
While the young people bleed
So knock your bodies away
You're the man to the world
And then masters the war, wage war
By way of deception
Thought criminals wage peace by way of the truth
Good morning y'all
I'm Stephen Douglas Whitener
And you're listening to
Republic Broadcasting Network
At republicbroadcasting.org
And if you've been
It's February the 3rd, 2024
Groundhog Day was yesterday
I'm really thrilled to be here y'all
I mean RBN
It's a listener supported platform
And I've been here about three years
If this is the first time you've
Listen to me or the first time you've
Heard Thought Crime Live
I think we have some new folks
Joining today
With my guest on a stream
I want to say hello to y'all too
And there's also a chat
That's Thought Crime Live
Chattango.com
Also if you want to join us there
And if you can help RBN
Maintain this platform
For free speech
You go to republicbroadcasting.org
There's a big yellow
Donate button there
One of our co-hosts says
That you can just smash it with PayPal
And there's also a number
That you can call
If you could set up a monthly donation
With a credit or debit card
It's 800-724-2719
Extension 3
And also with the thing happening
With the truckers that happened up in
Canada too
And you want to remain anonymous
But still support free speech
You can mail a check
Payable to RBN
Or a money order
Orch's cash
I mailed some cash
Which probably will be a crime
One of these days
2-2-2-5-1
Double Creek Drive
Sweet 302
Round Rock, Texas
7-8-6-6-4
I'll give that to you
2-2-5-1
Double Creek Drive
Sweet 302
Round Rock, Texas
7-8-6-6-4
I'll give that one more time
2-2-5-1
Double Creek Drive
Sweet 302
Round Rock, Texas
7-8-6-6-4
And I just wanted
To get that in
I'm really honored
To be here
And I am excited
About the guest I have
I have mentioned
This gentleman's work
Before a paraphrase
I won't say quoted
I've tried to paraphrase
What he's had to say
I respect people
Who have
You know, blown the whistle
Because that just
It cost me
And it cost you to tell the
Truth sometimes
And this gentleman
I wanted to
He's a very smart guy
JJ, let me let you
Give your introduction
To tell folks
Who you are
Gig Am biological
Good morning
Steven, thank you very
Much for having me on
I'm not normally talking
This so early
So I really appreciate
You getting me
Up and going
A lot of times for me
The hard thing is to
Hit the go button
And go live
And so it's very nice
To have an excuse
To be up so early
And doing it
My introduction can be
Very long
But I'll try to make it
As short as possible
I'm a Wisconsin boy
Who moved to the big city
Of Chicago to go to
University
And I lived in
Chicago
Hold on one second
You need a problem there
No, I can't
I'm sorry
I'm alive
You gotta go out
Thank you though, honey
Shut the door
I got my blood
Yeah, exactly
It's okay
RBN is listed
Is used to that
With me
It sounded like someone
Was chewing horses
One day
That's funny
So I am a
Wisconsin boy
I moved to Chicago
For university
And then I spent
A number of years
In Chicago
As a young man
Kind of treading water
Trying to figure out
What I wanted to do
I went to university
With the attention
Of going right to med school
And becoming a big important
Doctor
And then I got waitlisted
For a few years
In a row
And at first I started
Teaching high school
As a way of treading water
And then that pay
Isn't very good
So I started bartending
At night
And that pay is
Actually really good
And a couple of years
In a row
I decided just to bartend
And that pay is
Actually really good
So I decided
Just to bartend
And that
I don't know
If that was the right thing
For me to do at the
Time from
Anyone else's
Perspective, but I think
From a sort of
Growing up
Young man's perspective
It was really good for me
To kind of hit a soft rock
Bottom with
Bartending and getting
Pretty cocky about
How the money was coming in
And who's money it was
by giving the keys to the wrong person and just casually taking a day off and I got
fired.
And it's pretty hard in retrospect to come upon a bar gig like I had where I was working
three nights a week and making enough money and more.
And so finding another gig like that in Chicago wasn't easy and I was forced to kind of panic
and I got a technician job at the University of Chicago that reminded me that I had been
a biologist since I was a little kid and that I needed to do something more than mixed
drinks and entertain people.
And so I started working with this guy at the University of Chicago who taught me a couple
techniques that allowed me to move to the Netherlands, do my PhD in the Netherlands,
meet my wife in Amsterdam and then move together with her to Norway where I continued my training
in a laboratory there in Toronto.
And we had a couple boys in Norway and then we moved back to the Netherlands with every
intention of getting tenure there and settling down in the Netherlands where her family is.
And I didn't get tenure, I mean I got some EU money in my first couple years there and
then I just couldn't get anything to work sustainably.
And so after four years in the Netherlands we had no choice really because my wife had
also gotten a PhD in plant biology but we did not pursue her career, she didn't really
enjoy it, she just finished her degree to finish it.
And so we moved to America because that's where I had my previous, my whole life was
here and we moved to the University of Pittsburgh.
I'd never lived or been to Pittsburgh before I flew here and it's a beautiful little town
with lots of trees and hills and water and so from the air it was just like, wow, Pittsburgh
is like this.
I have to admit.
I'm up in Wisconsin, I'm a Packer fan and when I was a child the Steelers were winning
the Super Bowls and everybody hated Lin Swan and Jerry Bradshaw.
So I never liked Pittsburgh, I never wanted to like Pittsburgh and so coming here was
a little weird because I also didn't like the Pirates because I'm a Cubs fan.
So it was a real strange place to be so attracted to.
I had a couple of three good years at the University of Pittsburgh trying to keep my
career going and when the pandemic broke out I was already working on serendipitously a
bike ride series where I was doing Journal Club for neurobiologists on my bicycle, on
my way back or on my way to work and I had an electric assist bike so it allows you to
get exercise but still cover like 15 or 20 miles without killing yourself.
And so I could talk on my bike while I was riding and it was a really cool little show
that when the pandemic broke out I just did a couple bike rides where I did a coronavirus
biology review and at some moment in 2020 I got an email from the administrative offices
of the media, the media department of the hospital that is attached to the University
of Pittsburgh.
It would be the UPMC medical system and she said that the Pittsburgh Gazette had contacted
me for an interview but they informed the Pittsburgh Gazette that my expertise was not
virology and I was not to speak to them even if they contacted me directly.
They said they saw my YouTube channel and they said okay at the end of this email with
a question mark which I found bizarre and a few months later my immediate supervisor
asked me not to come in anymore because I wasn't getting my temperature taken and
I wasn't putting a sticker on my ID every day and I was also getting arguments with
people about whether you could read about legitimate science in the New York Times or
not.
Anyway, it just so happens that the University of Pittsburgh had just extended my contract
in July when they sent me home in October so that meant I had like eight months.
And so during that eight months I just kept teaching immunology online and that got me
enough followers to keep doing it for the whole year.
And then early in 2022 I got a phone call from some guy by the name of Robert F. Kennedy
Jr. and he asked me to help consult on a book that he released a couple months ago called
the Wuhan cover up and some of the biology that I teach every night is definitely in
that book and there's some quotes in there from me which is kind of fun.
And then for a brief period of time for about six months after the book I worked for Children's
Health Defense and that's the non-profit that Bobby used to be the spokesperson for.
And that didn't really work out apparently because what I do on my stream is still too
raw and when I bumped into the management a number of times about what I was saying and
eventually to my own surprise to be quite honest my whole family was taken by surprise
by it on January 4th they just decided to lay me off.
So we're back again shaking a can on the internet but we have a good little core of
followers and I know from my previous years of doing this that I think it's pretty important
so we're going to try and keep it going.
I apologize for that extremely long introduction but it is kind of a it's kind of an interesting
I think that was it's so it's so serendipitous that I find myself here.
Yes you definitely qualify as a thought criminal sir I mean to interrupt you but that definitely
established your bona fides there you know it's I've learned from you too I look the
listeners may be aware of some of the things that you talk about but you you bring it together
the word transfection that you use I think needs to be used more we need to spread a
lot of this information far and wide you know RBN listeners spread RBN too but you
know I see how you say that the battle is for our kids let me let you get back to that
because what you have to say is even more important than than that but I'm glad you
did that because you know I don't know that everybody would would know you know I do believe
what you say in a sincere okay I've not met you personally as I have some of my guests
and all but I have followed you and do trust what you say to be sincere.
Well I mean that's really I really appreciate that but I also want to emphasize to everybody
that's listening that one of the core messages that I try to put out every day is that we
all as adults have to take responsibility for learning this it can't be something where
you know we have a friend that knows about used cars and so we're just going to rely
on our friend to help us buy a used car or whatever we've got to really learn this biology
ourselves because it is who we are and it is who our kids are and if we don't impart
this understanding of what is sacred to our children then they're going to grow up believing
whatever the TV and social media which is even worse tells them and that's I think the other
transition point that I'm you know as a biologist it seems kind of weird to emphasize this all
the time but we are you and I I think I'm 52 we are a generation that can understand
the transition that we're at because we grew up at a time where kids would be bored and
then get in trouble outside we were we were a generation that the solution was get out
of the house don't come back until dinner and and that that kind of growing up with
boredom that you yourself are responsible for filling something that I see in my kids
all the time they don't experience it because they have a number of place fillers that are
that are ready and waiting so that they never have that problem and when we were kids that
would have been like daydreaming watching TV but it's much worse now because they're
they're putting short sometimes malevolent thoughts in their heads and that includes
these ideas about scary biological phenomenon that probably don't exist in order to to govern
the globe and so my my main message and I think that's what you're trying to get me
to spit out here is that as a biologist I walked into the pandemic thinking that vaccinations
in general were a good idea and that maybe the United States applied some of these vaccinations
too early or too often but I had not yet evolved my thinking to the stage where I was considering
the possibility that they could just be wholly unnecessary or that they are being applied
in a criminally negligent way but when the pandemic came around and they started saying
that they were going to use this technology called transfection to immunize old people
I immediately saw that they were also eventually going to they were thinking that they were
going to immunize everybody this way had started to really upset me because I have been using
transfection for between 10 and 15 years in my own work on mice I understand what it's
meant to do but I also understand that there are tremendous limitations to trying to do
these kinds of things in a living system and so unlike all the work that I've ever done
where part of the built-in plan is to sacrifice the animal in order to accurately describe
the autonomy of the locations that you recorded from or the cells that you modified we don't
plan to do any of those things with an old person or a young person that we transfect
we want them to live a long healthy life and that's not something that anybody in my neck
of the woods when using transfection ever had as an expectation you don't expect a mouse
that you've transfected in their brain to live a long and healthy life you don't expect
to be able to transfect a monkey multiple times in its life and therefore I had to live
the long and healthy life that's not a built-in part of any experiment so the idea that suddenly
at 2020 they had Bill Gates on the PBS NewsHour telling us that this new kind of vaccine where
they toss in some RNA is actually really cool because then your body becomes the vaccine
factory and that spectacular combination of words is the most insidious lie I've heard
in my lifetime and that that idea it needs to be dispelled we can't have any college
children college young adults regurgitating this idea in five years because if they are
we will be and that I really think is the the heart of the heart of the heart of these
kids these young adults don't understand what they were coerced into doing and how biologically
dissimilar it is to previous vaccinations which in and of themselves were already worthy
of scrutiny for the last ten years ask any autism mom or dad and so we are in trick we
are at a situation where we are arguing about the most recent version of a lie and we're
even being tricked into not connecting this recent version of the lie with the previous
how's that we're coming up on the first break that was terrific JJ we'll be right back
thought criminals hang on
I want to be like Jonathan see you try to find all this way
ain't no need to be before you lift up your voices it's time you should say it's a great
life I'm so excited to have you as part of the wild
pastures family and we look forward to bringing you the pastures meets that you and your
family will love now we started well pastures because so many of my clients would tell me
they just couldn't find high quality pastures meets and even when they did it was so expensive
that they couldn't afford to eat it regularly now I'm not talking about the bottom of the
barrel healthy meats that have planes like natural or free range or even cage free terms
that were actually created by the industrial food industry to make us feel all warm and
fuzzy about buying their low quality products I'm talking about truly nourishing pastures
needs the kind that you'll never really find in a grocery store our farmers are doing things
beyond organic our beef is 100% grass fed and grass finished and raised on pastures free from
chemicals and other pesticides our chickens are 100% pastures raised where they get their
natural diet of grass and forage and insects we will never settle for free range which is
actually one of the most deceptive terms in the chicken industry in fact less than 0.1% of the
chicken consumed in the United States is truly pasture raised in the way that ours is and our
pork is 100% pastures raised as well so if you care about where your food comes from you have
definitely made it to the right place as a wild pastures member you'll be supporting the most
highly principled farmers in America and getting the most nutrient dense nourishing and sustainable
meats in the world from confident you'll love being part of our mission at wild pastures
and you will really love the delicious nourishing meats that we're going to deliver straight to
your dog visit for public broadcasting that'll work and click the wild pastures banner hand
secure shipment today beef poultry and pork raise the way nature intended
on excavator digs a hole in your backyard and 3d bunkers.com shows up in a small truck and sets
up their 3d printer under a tent completely undetected they can print as many rooms as you want at a
fraction of the cost compared to traditional metal bunkers 3d bunkers uses polymer concrete
which is five times stronger than regular cement youtube 3d bunkers.com and watch the video the
creators of 3d bunkers is looking for a business partner that can help bring this technology to
the world and we need to protect our way of life without living in fear contact brad at 3d bunkers
.com for more details or visit 3d bunkers.com
Welcome back y'all you're listening to thought crime live on republic broadcasting network
and i'm joined by Jonathan kooie jj kooie of giga arm biological.com and you know as a kid i
wanted to chemistry set when i was six years old i remember when i looked at science as to something
that would elucidate what was the sacred biology now assistant frankenstein since then you know
when i the more i learned it just let me let you go back to you i just relate so much to what you
you say sir well uh that's that's very nice um i guess you just kind of triggered in me something
i just did a a show yesterday which i think um can bring a bigger picture idea to the forefront
a little bit um in terms of how they they've convinced these people to participate in this
and one of the things that i think needs to be made clear to the again we're talking to college
age kids we're talking to young kids um who's whose teachers in their schools are probably a
little confused about this as well but we need everybody to understand that that artificial
intelligence is being hyped as something with potential very much in the same way that genetic
therapies were hyped in the 80s um there's a really interesting sort of anecdote that i can
tell you of a guy by the name of robert malone um who was cutting his teeth in some of the most
important virology labs and surrounded by some of the most important virologists in the late 70s
early 80s um in his in his uh graduate school work and during his grad school work um he had the
choice of working with some of the the at the time preeminent biologists from from muri gardener
to uh robert gallo to even uh to somebody like um david baltimore and so all of these you know
grandfathers of modern virology um circulating as a postdoc then um convinced him that in 10 or 15
years that virology was going to progress at such a pace and our understanding of the genome was
going to progress at such a pace that there would be genealogists or geneticists that were using
retroviruses to cure childhood diseases in every local hospital in the nation in a few years
and so what we need to understand as adults that we can partake or impart on our children
is that these stories of what was about to happen when we understood the genome better
or when we had faster computers or when we collected enough data that we were finally going to be
able to crack the code so to speak they've used that phrase a lot to to imply that we're going to be
able to see the blueprints and the instruction manual of life and once we do that we won't need
god anymore or god will be irrelevant or we'll finally have proven that god doesn't exist because
we will have attained this transhuman mastery of ourselves this story Steve has been told for
decades especially in secret meetings and in in meetings of secret societies and meetings of
of really rich people at at very expensive dinners talking about their plans for how they're going to
to govern the world this mythology about how eventually if we collect enough data there will
be enough numbers enough measurements that an AI will be able to take that data and convert it
into understanding that has been sort of belied by the the the progress of understanding chess
versus understanding the Chinese game go versus understanding now the example that I used yesterday
in my show was the the success or lack of success of the autopilot in Tesla and one of the things that
I think is now becoming more and more especially obvious with regard to Elon Musk and some of the
things that he claims is very similar to how all of those virologists bamboozled Robert Malone when
he was a young guy so long ago into believing that genetic technologies were going to evolve at light
speed and that within 10 years there would be a geneticist that could fix childhood diseases
using retroviruses they are bamboozling us into believing that eventually with enough cores or
with enough time or with enough data artificial intelligence is going to be able to do things that
heretofore were considered impossible or at least borderline magic and I really can't emphasize
enough how even if this is a future possibility we are not we are not scratching that surface of
that future possibility yet and that these people are actually are actually enchanting our children
with this idea that AI is so powerful you might as well go limp AI is so amazing that you might
as well forget about it that everything that you are going to do and learn in the future is going
to be better than better than better by AI so there's no reason for you to learn to draw there's
no reason for you to learn to paint there's no reason for you to make music there's no reason
for you to be creative you have been relegated to to basically be right hey we'll be right back
folks bottom of the hour break thanks JJ that's terrific
bring it in all my own
if you don't like the way I'm living just leave the throne here to your boy alone
we're just man talking on the dead babe putting down a rock to roll
won't you leave us in the donation
you are tuned in to the republic broadcasting network visit our website by going to republic
broadcasting dot org people often write to tell us what has happened for them since starting
extended by allow me to read one this product has been a godsend for my father who suffered from
a heart attack about two years ago he was prescribed medications for his condition
which was so serious he almost died but he hasn't been able to afford most of the medications
after researching alternatives that were more affordable he tried extended by since taking it
he has consistently lower blood pressure and experiences less in join it we are currently on
our fifth bottle I enthusiastically recommend this product and I'm grateful that it is available
to order call one eight seven seven nine two eight eight two two or visit extendivite.com
that's x-t-e-n-d-o-v-i-t-e dot com
extend your life with extend o-vide
are you sick of censorship tlb talk is the cure dlb stands for truth liberty and balance we are
the newest and most unique social media platform to hit the internet we were built out of necessity
there is big tech big pharma and big brother are out of control the only thing bigger than them
is when we the people are united with that vision tlb talk was born our battlefield is in cyberspace
the battle we're in can be won by clicks of buttons and voting with your wallet tlb talk has no hidden
agendas no corporate funding and we do not sell trade or give away any of your information
our platform runs off of generous donations of members and merchandise profits so please
check out our site it's the best around and be sure to stop by our store it's loaded with items
that'll have you feeling a sense of member pride and victory come unite with us today at tlb talk
dot com and join the social media revolution
hi tom bolton for ease off i know so many of you are finding our easy for carcass drop and lift
an essential tool for your meat processing operation but today i want to spotlight four
of our new products first our right height hog cradles with steel or aluminum frames
our customers love this back saving innovation that enhances sanitation and speeds production
next our beef cradles with stainless steel or aluminum frames eliminate rust and corrosion
we hope you'll compare our quality and prices for this essential part of your processing line
our cradles are especially effective when used with our power skinner and finally our hook tumbler
will keep your hooks clean and polished ease off dot com we make pigs fly
cows too ease off llc four one seven nine three two six four one nine
try to stay away from the small talk try to keep a eye on your friends though you won't
experiment i can't be sentimental i was trying around the corner but i knew that this would happen
my ear holds i'm leaving me and now we're two of its own my ear holds i'm leaving me and i'll
take somebody's gotta face three states when you try to give a hand but don't just want
somebody doesn't want to understand straight states
some can take it like a male straight states straight states
welcome fuck criminals i appreciate you joining me today i have uh
it is dr cooey though isn't it john i mean i just have to say that i wanted to listen to
yeah you are you're dr cooey too right i mean you you you're a research scientist i i think
you might be a humble one that's a rare thing um i am uh phd i don't say doctor because i feel
like a lot of people get confused and i think it's better if you're a phd to just say mister and uh
not not confuse anyone you know like like uh like uh mrs. Biden is also a phd but she calls
herself dr. Biden all the time and i feel like that's really just ingenious she confuses everybody
with that but you can i respect it yes sir i wanted to let the listeners know that uh yes sir go ahead
yeah you can look me up on pub med though um and you can find that i've been a a legitimate
academy magician i usually call them nowadays um for a very long time i was uh i was going for
ten year i wanted to be a professor um that was my my goal and i did really enjoy that job i do
really enjoy it because as a as a professor as a research professor one of the things that's
that's involved in that is having apprentices and the the grad students that come work with you
they call them grad students but what they really are are apprentices and you're teaching them
basically to to learn how to write grants learn how to formulate experiments that get funded and
learn how to do the experiments that get funded now i could do the experiments and other people
could write but i couldn't combine those two and so that's why i didn't really succeed but
part of the reason why i i think i didn't succeed is because i didn't really understand how the
sausage was made and the way the sausage is made is how you can extend the answering of the same
question over several years or several projects and it's not to say that these people do it with
with uh disingenuous or malevolent ideas in mind but they've come to understand that's how the
system works the the grant proposal nich system is not designed to solve problems and then move
on it's designed to sort of explore a a possibility space and even when the possibility space is now
been exhausted oftentimes the the funding mechanism is such is set up in such a way that all of the
people that are that are dependent on that funding mechanism are unwilling to admit that the question
has been answered and so the funding will not be removed from them because it requires the fund
in order the funding for the funding to move on those people have to agree collectively that
that question has been answered and so you get this incredible inertia in academia where the same
question gets asked many many times by many many people and you might think that that results in
thoroughness but in a malevolent system where you have pharma pharmaceutical companies and other
weaponized piles of money influencing that you can get a lot of dead space in academia where the
same bad ideas are pursued for decades and that's where you get statins that's where you get all
these bad cancer treatments that's where you get billions of dollars thrown into the wind when
we know that there are there are certain good ideas that should be pursued but then you'd have
billions of dollars in lots of people out of work or lots of people having to shift their whole
paradigm and that might even include the money that they're making with the products that they
sell and so this is really it's really a spectacular time because it took me getting kicked out of
that moving truck where I was like but I really like my job and I'm really good at it why would
you throw me out and I just couldn't understand it I had it took me a long time to realize that
I was not I was never going to be let back in I really thought at some point they were going to
come around and they were going to see I was right and I would be back to neurobiology and
everything would be great and I it took me a long time to accept that what I was doing was going to
permanently ostracize me and it's probably how you felt all those years ago when you spoke out that
you thought you were doing the right thing and that people would listen and that these problems
would get fixed and instead it's like I know and in fact it's worse than that you have you have
essentially admitted that you will not play and it's since you're not going to play you got to go
and so that's where I thought I've been there in a way just but that was you know with the
Aquatec thing but it just I it beat me down for so many years it's only when I started to talk back
again to stand up that I started to change myself a little bit that's that's where the real battle
took place and like I think that the most important battle after that is just as you were pointing
out with our kids you talk of college age kids too but I mean public school public indoctrination
systems are just there that's weaponized to that that's that's such a trauma based mind control
thing they were doing there with the masks and and it looks like they look like little prisons now
to me when I got when I was going it just that that's a different subject but
let me you said that you followed the way this illusion of consensus was created to sell that a
pathogen made its way around and around the world and that's not true that just the data
doesn't back that up at all and you want to just start with there because people if anybody's I
hear people saying well I tested positive for this and then it's like oh I just I have to step
away from that and not even pay any attention to and those tests are just worthless to me why
I don't care what that's rapid covid test says who you know that that's irrelevant to me to me
that's a weapon used against us and I just don't have anything to do with it but what would you say
to somebody who is still in that paradigm how would you yeah how would you go about that um so that's
a tough one right you're describing the deepest of the deep people and that that we have to
realize that that before too long we're we're gonna have to just do things anyway I'm not
saying we leave them behind but some people are gonna be unrescuable but from that perspective
one of the best places to start that sometimes wakes people up is to ask them
what do you think would have happened if we would have rolled out all of these tests in 2018 what
would we have found nothing and just let this leave it there for a second just let them think
about the possibility that there were at at some point in 2021 there were 254 different emergency
use authorized testing diagnostic products in America alone now how many of those products were
brought to market rushed how many of them were brought to market without proper quality control
how many were brought to market without proper testing we don't know because all of those and
I mean literally all of those products are gone they're not there you can't find an example of
them to look and see and test again to see if those were really good products or that that company
was doing what they were doing there were so many instant startup companies that bought molecular
biological tools ordered the reagents and purported to be doing weekly testing for police departments
in places all around the United States and all of those companies are gone they're gone
the companies that made millions of dollars testing police officers every day in California
those companies are gone so we can't look at what amplicons they amplified what primers they used
what what machines they worked on we don't even know if their protocols are still on a piece of
paper somewhere and they're all gone and so what you need to ask those people to get them started
is to think what would have happened if this large group of products and equipment and machines
was rolled out in 2018 and all of these places at the same time and they started testing do you
actually believe they would have found nothing until October of 2019 and that you would have
been able to chart its accurate spread from Wuhan all around the world because that's what they
want you to believe and there is no precedence in biological history for a molecule of RNA
to be able to high fidelity copy itself for five years sustained it's never even come close
and so if you can point out that what we are essentially doing is taking lots of pictures
that we never took before and claiming that look every time I take a picture in my backyard I see
a cardinal you have no pictures from 2018 and so you claim that the cardinals just came
and they're infesting your backyard but you if you had pictures from 2018 you would see
that the cardinals were there too and so we've got the big picture is trying to make people
understand that the possibility is endless because we were we've gone from not measuring anything
to having a million thermometers in every in every location in the world and then claiming
there's global warming we have no measurements from before 2020 so how can you put this into context
especially when you're taking the test seriously even when you don't have symptoms that's where
you know this all spiraled out of control was the idea that we could track this
this RNA even when symptoms weren't present these tests were were purported to be meaningful
and so if you combine these four or five observations that there were 254 at the maximum sometime
different diagnostics that are all gone now and that we don't have any control data from
pre pandemic to know whether any of these diagnostics would have brought the same signal then
and so therefore the idea that this is just the evidence that we need to understand that there
is a phenomenon happening now that started but wasn't happening in 2019 is is just an absolutely
false dichotomy that we cannot accept it's not either or it is that it could have always been
there or a signal that was there could be confounded as as this agent and and it's so much safer
for the people that run the show for it to be a giant pile of of misleading statements and
and outright lies then it is to be some combination of cover-up and bio-weapon
yeah it's just about deception and as you pointed out the protocols were what caused the uh uh uh
well you didn't point out here but you have that the protocols was what spiked the mortality and
that there was no spread from country to country that showed up that with the it just it the only
thing there was a pandemic of was fear and compliance that that's the way it looks like to me as you
just said you know that's the before we go to break i think it's coming soon um the idea that
what they did was have us focus on the wrong questions in 2020 and 2021 so the you and i wouldn't
notice that they were killing people with ventilators we wouldn't notice that they were killing people
with with anesthesia on on and revdesivir we wouldn't notice that they were they were killing people
in old folks homes and we would be thrown these numbers out of context and the confusion and
uncertainty and doubt that those numbers and their the illusion of consensus on tv and social media
about what those numbers meant made us very very unlikely to question the basis for what they were
saying and the basis for their projections and it took us because of the effectiveness of this
operation and getting us to solve the mystery of the novel virus and whether they were lying about
it being a lab leak or a natural virus got us to avoid answering asking the question of do we really
have something here or not and that was what it was it was panicking us into asking the wrong
questions for three years and if we asked the right questions in 2020 like some of these people were
we would have avoided this mess entirely i think it's clear that this was a military operation
it absolutely war crime committed against every person on the planet it this depopulation agenda
is part of it but it's also about creating that new control grid with the central bank digital
currency the vaccine passport the the proximity sensors with this little nsa low jack i have in
my hand i call it you know this thing is a weapons platform i talk about that a lot too and
it just that's part of the whole thing is um part of a whole you know you have to they're bringing
this together as a control grid it's not one thing or another and that that part's really scary i
really appreciate you coming on we don't have a break until a couple of minutes but you guys next
hour if you have questions for JJ you could call 512-248-8252 that's 512-248-8252
i wanted to let your chat know that too so next hour we'll take some callers and
you just mentioned red wine steam too how he was put in place and a lot of other people were put
in place to create this this thing and i saw something with him the other day and it uh
would you want to you want to speak about that what the you said that the fair and cleavage
site and all that yes sir go ahead sure so what i think um one of the things that people are
forgetting or some of the things that are easy to forget if you weren't involved in it like i was
from the very beginning is that in 2020 there were a certain parts of this biological narrative
that were emphasized by everyone and some of the people that were emphasizing it early had no
business knowing it and this this comes down to this fear and cleavage site which is essentially
an enzymatic cleavage site which was purported to be an unnatural signature in the spike protein
of the original virus and so here you have a bunch of people in the backwoods of the internet that
are already aware of the spike protein of coronavirus is being the immunogenic protein and already
aware that a fear and cleavage site is dangerous and some of the people that were made aware of
this were had to have been planted because in the end the fear and cleavage site wasn't tracked
they didn't wait for the cleavage site to disappear and then announced that the fear and cleavage
site had gone away in in variant v and so now it was much safer they started this whole narrative
in 2020 with the idea that the fear and cleavage site and we've heard this just recently from the
us right to know story that the fear and cleavage site is what allowed the virus to become the most
infectious virus in a hundred years but then if it's such an important aspect of the virulence
and the infectivity of the virus why weren't we tracking the presence of the fear and cleavage
site for the entire pandemic and we were sequencing it we were sequencing the whole virus but nobody
ever talked about whether the fear and cleavage site was changing or disappearing or whether some
variants still had it and others didn't and this is a key key thing to see that we were encouraged
to argue about that for a year and a half and in reality it was never meaningful and in fact
what we should have been arguing about is should we be using remdesivir on old people
should we be giving these people antibiotics or not should we be using steroids or not
because instead they had a protocol and if you declared people if you declared that people were
covid then you were completely off the hook for any malpractice and you could do whatever you
want as long as it was on the cdc protocol it's really frightening um that that's that's the deal
with the protocols is they they distracted us so that we wouldn't notice that they were creating
these mass casualty events that they could misconstrue us we'll be right back folks uh yeah thanks very
much schedule we'll be right back
i was born in dixieland on a reconstructed till the end in carolina i was raised by my granddaddy
in my daddy's way they both taught me right from wrong how to fight and how to get along
but my own life now is almost gone in southern ground i belong
my final hour is drawing near so friend come sit by me right
homeowners are you in foreclosure expecting to be served with a foreclosure lawsuit or
suspect your lender has coerced you into an illegal mortgage transaction a huge number of mortgages
made in the last ten years have legal issues and are possibly defective state laws and the u.s.
supreme court have upheld that defective mortgage documents are grounds for foreclosure defense
and for counter claims in favor of the homeowner if your mortgage has been sold or assigned since
closing the loan it may be defective and you may be paying the wrong party and the lender may
not have standing or the right to foreclose or collect payments under the law if you would like
to know if your mortgage is legal or not or know if you are paying the right party we can help
our initial consultations are free of charge we are not attorneys we are legal researchers
and work closely with experienced lawyers who know how to help you find the evidence to help you
keep your home email tom at republic broadcasting dot org t-o-m at republic broadcasting dot org
health simple with cholera shila ji fact that number three shila ji is the supreme yoga vaha
with an era vida shila ji is a singular substance that towers above all other herbs
herbal minerals and earth-made adaptions yoga vaha refers to substances that have the ability
to synergistically make better and carry other substances to its prescribed destination in the
case of shila ji most any herb food or mineral is amplified with ionic potential superimposing
superior efficacy with increased cellular energy and absorption rate one of the best application
for shila ji is to add a drop or two into your favorite herbal tincture bar food stuff
simply put shila ji makes other substances more effective shila ji legit shila ji such as calle
he's the king and the supreme yoga vaha it is the tonic that indeed
towers above any other earth-made substance look for the gold mountain and medical symbol logo
in banners on republic broadcasting dot org use code go rbn when ordering that's g o r b n
are you one of the millions of people who feel like there is a dark cloud hanging over their
heads whenever they're using pharmaceutical drugs for some the short-term relief can turn
into an opioid addiction nightmare have you ever wondered why cb d oil is a billion dollar industry
it's because it works better than opioids and is actually healthy for you
however cb d oil is stripped of all other helpful compounds found in the hemp plants
according to neuroscientists the whole hemp plant otherwise known as hemp paste is even
more effective than the chemically processed cb d oil are you ready to take back your health
you can try hemp paste for the price of a cup of coffee hemp paste dot com slash rbn
freeze shipping on orders over fifty dollars see the banners for hemp paste at republic broadcasting
dot org and visit hemp paste dot com slash rbn
and welcome back thought criminals uh you listen to thought crime live on republic
broadcasting network dot o rg and let me turn it back over to you jj you got interrupted there
we were talking about whether this thing even it really was it ever really sequence does it even
you know that it was all a tool of control and and manipulation i believe
uh yeah thanks um the the two things that we talked about in the previous breaks one was
just the misrepresentation of of transfection as a methodology that might be useful in healthy
humans and the other one was talking about the misleading sort of exaggeration of the
the power of ai and what ai really is versus what it isn't um i think one of the things to combine
those two ideas together would be to make people realize that transfection which is this
general term which describes the use of dna or rna to express a protein in anywhere so if you use
it in a cell culture it's transfection if you use rna or dna to express a protein in a in a mouse
it's transfection if you do it with injection into a plant it's transfection and so this is a
very general term that's been around for a long time and there's lots of companies that have had
various products called transfection agents that have been like lip effectamine or gold particles
or you can even use electricity to do it so the idea of applying transfection to usefully augment
the human genome or the human the human animal is something that they have seen as a coming
technology for many many years but they've also known that there's no way to usefully start to
understand how to employ this methodology by by doing proxy studies in in mice or in monkeys
and the reason why those don't work is because the the complications that that that are a mouse
or the complications that are a monkey and the the complex sort of pattern integrity
that those animals are they are sufficiently specific and sufficiently different from our own
that although we can learn general principles about how these biological systems work by
studying those animals what we learn from monkeys and mice as we get more sophisticated becomes
ever more specific for mice and monkeys and ever more non relevant for our own biology and they
have known this for decades Steve so one of the things they need to do is to to transform the way
our children think about their own sovereignty over their bodies so that they accept the fact
that if we're going to get to this next stage of medicine which is personalized medicine
you're going to have to accept that we don't test things in randomized control trials anymore we
test things on you and so this is really part of the inversion that was going on right now was
trying to invert the idea that you have the choice no now we're telling you what you have to do
and this inversion is not for us they knew that we were going to complain until we were dead
but it's for our kids and that's really what that's why I keep emphasizing it they want us to
pass this this compliance onto our kids yes I agree if we I see it in the young ones that are
always on the screen just like you were talking about how we oh how we were bored as kid oh I
hear the top of the hour folks we'll be taking your calls all next hour hang on thought criminals
we write back
oh
I believe, you may be, I don't know what to do, I don't know.
Stand in six foot four weighing in 245 pounds of crown fighting, political science, analyzing broad.
Ladies and gentlemen, Dr. Patrick Slattery.
So, Mike, get off of this anti-psychated agenda.
I'm a born-again traditional Christian, and my favorite possessions are right here on my nightstand
that would be the King James Bible and my 357 revolver.
I'd rather be ruled by China men than Jews.
Cola with the anti-Semitic remarks, right?
Just because you steal an election and terminate the republic doesn't mean you terminate the people in the republic, because we're still here.
I'm not taking the vaccine.
The fucking Bill Gates.
There was a way forward still on January 6th.
What needed to be done is to object to every single state.
The COVID-19 virus was the same.
The vaccine could very well be the bioweapon.
The Patrick and Jeremy Show.
Tuesday at nine central and Wednesday at one central.
You can't handle the truth!
You're listening to Republic Broadcasting Network.
Visit republicbroadcasting.org today, because you can handle it.